# Hashtables
Hash tables are a type of data structure in which the address or the index value of the data element is generated from a hash function. That makes accessing the data faster as the index value behaves as a key for the data value. In other words Hash table stores key-value pairs but the key is generated through a hashing function.

So the search and insertion function of a data element becomes much faster as the key values themselves become the index of the array which stores the data.

In Python, the Dictionary data types represent the implementation of hash tables. The Keys in the dictionary satisfy the following requirements.

    The keys of the dictionary are hashable i.e. the are generated by hashing function which generates unique result for each unique value supplied to the hash function.

    The order of data elements in a dictionary is not fixed.

So we see the implementation of hash table by using the dictionary data types as below

## Challenge
The Python hash() FunctionPermalink

Python has a built-in function to generate the hash of an object, the hash() function. This function takes an object as input and returns the hash as an integer.

Internally, this function invokes the .__hash__() method of the input object, so if you want to make your custom class hashable, all you have to do is to implement the .__hash__() method to return an integer based on the internal state of your object.

## Approach & Efficiency
Big O Notation

Time: O(1)

Space: O(N)

my pull req URL : 
